(LOOΠΔ members took a sleep while they' were coming to the music video studio)
(The blondes of ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
JinSoul: We came here, the studio
(Kim Lip & JinSoul, the girls in charge of LOOΠΔ's swag!)
(ODD EYE CIRCLE + Yves!)
JinSoul: LOOΠΔ High~ (LOOΠΔ High School)
JinSoul: It's our dance club~
Kim Lip: Right, the dance club!
Kim Lip: She's a new member of CIRCLE ODD EYE!
JinSoul: A new member!
JinSoul: Then please dance to celebrate that you became a new member!
(The new member Yves does whatever seniors ask to do!)
Kim Lip: Okay, you passed!
Choerry: You've been accepted!
Choerry: It's okay~
Choerry: Not bad~
(The filming started again after a short break!)
HaSeul: I think that HeeJin's facial expression is the best in LOOΠΔ
Go Won: She's so great
Go Won: Actually I got scared and nearly kneeled down because she's too good at this.
HaSeul: Even kneeled down?
Go Won: Yeah~
(Even the members on the same team knleeded down in front of HeeJin, the founder of LOOΠΔ)